Axes, Growing and shrinking, and Introduction to Flexbox : Move scrimbs. (#26061)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/flexbox/flexbox-growing-and-shrinking.md

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

*  [Check out this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u044iM9xsWU&t=1s&pp=ugMICgJhchABGAE%3D) explaining how flexbox works and why.

> * For an interactive explanation and demo of the flex shorthand, check out [this Scrim](https://scrimba.com/learn/flexbox/the-flex-property-flexbox-tutorial-cGNKJTv).
> 
> * Watch [this interactive Scrim](https://scrimba.com/learn/flexbox/flex-grow-shrink-basis-flexbox-tutorial-ck6L7fv) for an alternative explanation and demo of using flex-grow, flex-shrink and flex-basis in a real world scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For an interactive explanation and demo, check out the [Scrim on the flex shorthand](https://scrimba.com/learn/flexbox/the-flex-property-flexbox-tutorial-cGNKJTv). For an alternative explanation you can view the [Scrim on using flex-grow, flex-shrink, and flex-basis](https://scrimba.com/learn/flexbox/flex-grow-shrink-basis-flexbox-tutorial-ck6L7fv). Note that these Scrims require logging into Scrimba in order to view.
```
